---
title: Ep. 146 – Down Where The Rats Ran
episode: 146
date: 2022-03-11
mp3URL: media/146.mp3
art: media/146.jpg
description: The hosts discuss Sam Elliot being a bigot, Erik went to visit his sister-in-law in Alloza, Deep Spain, Dennis found 50 year old letters, some from his father, Erik started watching Undone, Dennis watched Super Pumped, Jobs, Winning Time, and Dracula Untold, Erik went down into an old coal mine, and Belchite, a town destroyed in the Spanish Civil War in 1937.
youtube: 8G1a96LOjy0
---

## Links

- [Sam Elliott Blasts ‘Piece of Sh\*t’ ‘Power of the Dog’: What Does Campion ‘Know About the American West’?](https://www.indiewire.com/2022/03/sam-elliott-slams-power-of-the-dog-marc-maron-podcast-1234703155/) (IndieWire)
- [Tweet thread from Ben Stephens responding Sam Elliot](https://twitter.com/stephens_ben/status/1498700291625164802) (Twitter)
  - > I can only assume that Sam Elliott voiced these concerns when he appeared in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (Written by William Goldman from Illinois and directed by George Roy Hill from Minnesota.)
  - > Or when he appeared in Tombstone (directed by George Cosmatos, who was Greek Italian, born in Florence, Italy, and written by Detroit's own Kevin Jarre.)
  - ...it goes on.
- [Undone](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Undone_(TV_series)>) (Wikipedia)
- [Rotoscoping](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotoscoping) (Wikipedia)
- [Loving Vincent](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Undone_(TV_series)>) (Wikipedia)
- [Super Pumped](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Pumped_(TV_series)>) (Wikipedia)
- [Winning Time: The Rise of the Lakers Dynasty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winning_Time:_The_Rise_of_the_Lakers_Dynasty) (Wikpedia)
- [Dracula Untold](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dracula_Untold) (Wikipedia)
- [Alloza](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alloza) (Wikipedia)
- [Museo Minero de Escucha](https://aragonturismo.com/ver/museo-minero-de-escucha/)
- [Battle of Belchite](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Belchite_(1937)>) (Wikipedia)
- [Putin's Ukraine-Russia war exposes an arrogant historical revisionism, by Nina Khrushcheva](https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/ukraine-nuclear-power-plant-burns-putin-rewrites-history-ncna1290827) (NBC News)

## Transcript

**Dennis:** Oh God.

**Erik:** There's your joke right there.

**Dennis:** Here's a joke.

that's just circumstantial.

then it's a happy hour to you. You seem very happy this hour.

**Dennis:** Oh no, you're funny. That's all funny to look at

looking.

**Erik:** funny looking.

**Dennis:** Lord, so hap hap happy hour. Good Lord. What day of the week, is it Wednesday? Halfway through the week,

**Erik:** it's happy hour, day, happy hour, day.

**Dennis:** busy.

**Erik:** Really

**Dennis:** in my professional life, I've decided to take the bull by the horns and go after that money.

**Erik:** Yeah.

**Dennis:** But.

**Erik:** the bull flipping any money out or.

**Dennis:** Now the bull, appears to be more one that thinks it's in the China shop. So there seems to be a lot of, damage without much progress.

you, you keep at it there. Cowboy.

**Dennis:** Hey, did you hear, with Sam Elliott? I don't know if you are following the academy awards and all that, but the, the Benedict Cumberbatch, Western, set in Montana where he is a closeted, rancher with great disdain for his nephew and blah, blah, blah. And Sam Elliott was quoted as saying something like this, what the fuck is all that shit?

What does she know about the west? Why would she shoot the movie in New Zealand and all this homo stuff in there is just give me a break they're running around, which is chaps on and no shirts. And they look like the, what are the guys that dance? The met and the dance at the women's stag parties.

**Erik:** Chippendales

Chippendales that remember the famous Patrick Swayze, a sad day light with,Yeah

very funny. Yes.

**Dennis:** is good. So I actually did hear about that. And I saw this tweet thread. responding to him, saying,you didn't complain much where you're when you were in this movie, directed by, because the quote that they were responding to was, what does she know? she's about the American. She's from out there and the guy responded and saying,you didn't seem to care much when you start in this Western that was written and directed by this English guy. And you didn't seem to care much when it was written and directed by this, Australian guy. He didn't seem to care much when it was written directed by this Argentinian guy,And you shouldn't complain about the Italian spaghetti westerns that you grew up with.

But no, but his point was, maybe the, her country of origin is not what you, what your problem is with her. which I thought was a pretty sick burn,

he actually thought that, brought back mountain was a of stellar movie. So it fights against the notion that he's being homophobic.

**Erik:** no, it's not about homophobia. It's he doesn't think a woman should direct is

**Dennis:** oh, oh,

**Erik:** I got

**Dennis:** oh, I see. Okay. Well, well

**Erik:** you know, fuck. fuck that

**Dennis:** you.

**Erik:** right?

**Dennis:** It is him and his big floppy mustache. He did a great job in, a star is born,

brother of, the main character. There was his name, whatever.

Yeah, I'm almost, I'm blanking on that. I did some interesting things this weekend. You went up on me.

we, we took a road trip this weekend. we left on Friday afternoon and drove four and a half hours. to this little Podunk Nowheresville part of Spain, where my sister-in-law, is temporarily for a couple of months, working as the pharmacist at the only pharmacy in town, it's this tiny little town of It has a bar and it has a church.

**Erik:** three bars and one big church.

**Dennis:** It's not the, you told me a story last,episode about, but it wasn't about this. I don't think

no. This is a

**Dennis:** another road trip, you just busy as a beaver all

**Erik:** I know. Just trying to gin up this,podcast content.

**Dennis:** You've got a focus, which isn't all bad.

**Erik:** yeah, we,

we got there on Friday night, and, my. My in-laws were there to,her parents they'd been staying for the past week. cause she had a birthday as you may recall.

And and they were there living in the same house as she was. And she's living in the, so like the pharmacist that owns the house and the pharmacy is like just had a baby or something and It was on maternity leave and also lives in another city. Like normally she spends the week days working in this little town, but then she goes back to a bigger city for the weekends.

Anyway. It's this cool little, , house, the, where one of the doors of in, in the house, you go through and it opens up into the pharmacy. It's the pharmacy in the house share a wall. and so to get to work, she doesn't even have to go outside. and also there's so few people in that town that sometimes there are like Four people that come into the pharmacy, per day.

So she can just. be in her house. and when the bell rings and the pharmacy, she walks over and attends to the customer or whatever. But, but what really blew me away was like, She's been there for four weeks and, we went out to one of the bars with her and just walking to the bar, like five, all five of the five people that we walked by in the. like I said, Hey, how you doing to her? and we're like her, or as if she'd been living there for forever, never w and we got to the bar and she walked in and everyone was like, Hey, that's like norm and cheers. And it was just bizarre that in,in four weeks she had

**Dennis:** and this is your sister-in-law.

**Erik:** my sister-in-law,

**Dennis:** And so she's a great, great person and people.

**Erik:** Yeah, she has this charisma, and is open and we'll talk and listen to people and it turns out that's all people.

need to delight you.

and anyway, she's doing really Well, on it. It reminded me of, of the movie Groundhog day, where, you know, at the end of the movie, he's the town hero and, everyone loves him and he knows about. he sees an old lady and his like, oh, how are the grandkids? Tommy and Sally, that, that sort of thing.

**Erik:** Like she knows all the relationships of all the people in town already. and that's another thing, first of all, I envy that, just open friendliness because I don't re I don't really have that. If I went to a town by myself, I probably wouldn't be, out just chatting up people in the bars, but. But also she has this memory of remembering, remembering just not only faces, but names and relationships and stuff. and it was just impressive to

**Dennis:** sure don't have that.

**Erik:** Yeah, you can barely remember who I am every week. w

**Dennis:** Jeremy do you feel that way

**Erik:** I do Donald.

**Dennis:** my father's name? Hey, you want to hear something fantastic.

**Erik:** Hey, tell me something.

**Dennis:** So back in 19 73, 74, 75.

I was, traveling out west. I've told you stories about Oregon, Washington, et cetera. And, during that time, I know doesn't recall that my dad had lent me money, but I couldn't exactly recall the circumstances. But, I remember also of course, that when I got a job on the fishing boat, which I made a hundred bucks a day, And we fished three days a week.

I was back then that was a lot of money. And I was like my kid 1200 a week.

And I remember paying him back. lo and behold, my brother Joe says to me one day or on the phone, he says, Hey, I found a box here in my house. That is stuff that belongs to you. And I said, Really, what are you doing with it?

And they said, that time you stayed with me. And I recall him about 1976 or seven, I stayed with him for a couple of weeks and I must've left this box there. So I went to his house. I got this box. Yeah. And it's full of letters.

the best

**Dennis:** It must be 60 letters. Some of them that I, there are from an old friend of mine who, I haven't heard from her spoken to in years, Mary is her name.

she moved to Philadelphia became that of a social work agency. That's the last I heard or her, there were many money from her. We were very close friends. There was one from a woman who I remember trying to date.

**Erik:** That's it.

**Dennis:** And then there was one from my wife a year before we married.

**Erik:** What a precious gym.

**Dennis:** all about.

That was all about her independence and this trip that she took down to Florida. but here's my point of my story is that there were several letters from my father and these are the only letters I have from my father in all of my possessions.

**Erik:** Oh my God.

**Dennis:** The only thing I had before these letters was a note in an insurance policy that says when you turn 21, be sure to transfer this a policy.

That was the note. And I've kept that all these years. Now I have letters six, seven letters. He's so nice to me where I wrote him obviously. And don't recall. I can imagine what it was, but what a treasure.

**Erik:** Yeah.

**Dennis:** What a treasure,

**Erik:** Yeah. It makes you wonder. what? other treasures are around that haven't been discovered? probably a few of that particular nature.

**Dennis:** But the letter from my, at the time to be spouse was when we were, not exclusively dating, but I was still. running around chasing skirts, whatever, not so much her. She, she got divorced a couple months later. but anyway, too much information. yeah, but that was cool. Time capsule is right.

So we're having a sunny day. Man. Spring is about to spring. It's a 56 all week. Next week. I'm going fishing. Another paramedic. Steel had a running, hoping, invited my brother up here, but over here, but I doubt he'll be so motivated. Don't you hate it when you sneeze five times in a row.

**Erik:** Yeah, it's a lot of fun.

a little

**Erik:** We'll leave that one on.

**Dennis:** w a little prize I mentioned earlier, I think a show I'd seen. What was it? you hadn't seen it?

**Erik:** Yeah, that makes it?

harder for me to recall. I just started watching a thing this week. That is so my type of show. Yeah, I love anything about time travel and I love anything about, like when a character is going insane, but is it really insanity or are you seeing the truth for the first time? That sort of thing.

And there's this, there's this show on, Amazon prime called undone. And it's, I think it's only eight episodes or something. but it's starting Bob Odenkirk is the big name. and it's, it's done with this technique. , that a word I didn't know, called roto scoping. No idea what that is.

it has something to do with cleaning the anal area with stiff brown.

no scope is for, it means looking. So It's more about,looking,yeah. Why you clean? No, it, it's

**Dennis:** It's true in one,

**Erik:** Yeah, we clean, clean end and scrub. I look and scrub.

**Dennis:** look at scrub. That's true.

it's a, it's this technique of shooting something on, normally on, on film or video and then projecting each frame, and then having an artist draw that from. And then you do the next frame and you draw the next frame. and it's what you end up with is this really photorealistic, animated, result.

but because it's animated, they're able to do like some special effects. I think the special effects must be a lot cheaper with your animating windows. Say the special effect is, two people are talking in a room and then one of the walls falls away and there's a forest out there that, wasn't supposed to be there or whatever, they making dream scenarios. and that's,it's pretty interesting. And of course it's so photorealistic that like you can recognize all of the actions. If, if you know the actor, you can see, who that is. I saw a thing a year or two ago, and I'm sure we talked about, a movie about, Vincent van Gogh where, they did this, but they painted every frame in his style.

**Dennis:** Oh, really?

**Erik:** was, it was about him. it was, there were actors acting, but then they, they painted everything in his style, which was super cool. anyway, it's this, I'm a like on episode three now, and it's very cool. this woman that isn't very happy with her life, discovers. Like she, she has a, this is all in the trailer. she has a car accident and then now can see her dead father and her dead father is telling her about how, now that she has one foot in the, in this other realm, she can maybe come back and time travel and help save his life. So he won't have died.

**Dennis:** How'd he die?

he was murdered. Oh, we think so far,but he was,

**Dennis:** the name of

**Erik:** was undone,

**Dennis:** I'm done.

not that horrible undoing show that we saw, that was the,God. Yeah,

**Erik:** the, Nicole Kidman one, undone it's called and it, but like apparently, he was a. Particle physicist that was starting to understand what this other realm of where time has no meaning, is.

So anyway, it's Right, up right.

at my alley. It's the perfect sweet spot for my tastes. So I'm enjoying that a lot.

**Dennis:** I, I started watching a super pumped the story of Uber and, it is, Very well done. And the first one got me to watch the second one and I'm sure I'm going to continue watching it. It's of course, based on truth. I'm sure there's some,maybe some,yeah, Uber was a real bad boy company. yeah,

they would just like, they were just like, fuck your laws. We're going to do this And if you want to try and Sue us, come at

**Dennis:** So it's well, and it's, you're exactly right. And that's what the first episodes are about. I also saw jobs starting Ashton, Kutcher, Cushner, Christian.

**Erik:** Kush

**Dennis:** And, I want to mention one thing about it because you haven't seen.

**Erik:** Jared Kushner. It's Aston. Koocher.

**Dennis:** Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Oh God. And morphing people. I want you to remember one thing, the way that he affected Steve jobs walk

**Erik:** Okay.

**Dennis:** and a very well done. I also saw the first episode of a winning time. The story of the Lakers dynasty with the, millionaire,owner, Jerry bus being marvelously played by John C. Riley, and, a Adam McKay who, you know, as a

**Erik:** Yes.

Use the CIS technique and Lakers in the Lakers movie that he breaks the fourth wall to explain what's going on in John C.

**Dennis:** Riley, does it not just effortlessly miraculous?

**Erik:** Nice.

and he also does this thing that I don't know that I've ever seen. I'll describe it where he does a scene like John C. Riley gets this loan from his wife. It starts to sing with his hands up in the air to dream the impossible dream. And he's so happy he's singing it to his accountant.

**Dennis:** And as he's singing, it cuts to the next thing. Which is him not singing anymore, but going over and kissing his accountant. He so happy kissing him on the lips and it being a crazy moment. But when they switched the scene, when they switched the set to the second thing of him tackling his accountant, he's you can still hear him singing to dream of blah, blah, blah.

And you still see like his leg in the new frame. You know, it's, I don't know that I've ever seen that actually, but you said, yeah. So you must have, you must have seen this. You just understand it.

**Erik:** Yeah, that's a hell of a creative.

and at least one critic, ridicule that had said that, the story was lost because of Adam McKay's antics. And I'm like, get a fucking life, dude. This movie is so fast paced and creative and enjoyable and fun. That you're just a wet blanket and you fuck you go to the theater man and go watch a fucking play somewhere.

**Dennis:** All right. If you can't fucking,

**Erik:** So it's a series, not a movie. It

**Dennis:** a series, right? I'm sorry. but boy has got my attention and the dude who's. I wish I could recall as a newcomer who plays a magic Johnson. Who's from Lansing, Michigan, right up the road here. And of course, coach by,jet Heath coat, and Tom Izzo and won the national championship. So there's this hometown kind of connection having lived in LA, lived in, worked in Lansing for awhile.

I is incredibly well. And, and then finally, Dracula untold the movie Dracula untold. And I was going to say to you, when you see a title that's called Dracula untold, what do you think that means?

**Erik:** I'm not interested at all by that title.

let me tell you what, what did, what

I okay. Just guessing from the title, that looking at anything, I think it's probably. some sort of backstory about what Dracula's home life was like. There's something,

**Dennis:** Actually, no, what it would be more accurately called is retold

it takes the store. And keeps a great deal of the elements you would expect, but the beginning of it and how it, progresses is something that's never been done. And, it's expertly done. And even though I don't think you're a big horror guy, this has got some real cool stuff with it.

You should see it for no other reason than to know how terrified I'd be because of the tremendous importance, the role of bats play throughout this entire fucking movie

**Erik:** I can see the, the poster

**Dennis:** a

**Erik:** also, bats. Dracula was the original Batman. If you think

And the new Batman's out with,I'm looking forward to seeing it. It was only released in theaters. So one of, one of,unique,Yeah.

**Dennis:** events here

**Erik:** much stuff is so much stuff is not released in theaters.

**Dennis:** Robert Patterson, who I think is a excellent actor, and one of the most eccentric. Eccentric looking actors reminds me of the level of X centricity is Christopher Walken.

**Erik:** Yeah.

he's walking desk for sure.

**Dennis:** walk-in ask wow, erudite.

So those are four things that none of which you've Nope, none of which you've seen. I'm not assigning homework. You're too busy for all four of these things, but you ought to look at what I don't know of the ones. I think what you did enjoy, is Uber. Gordon Levitt is a, what's his name?

**Erik:** Yeah, J a J Gordon-Levitt.

**Dennis:** Okay, what is it?

**Erik:** I think it's J Gordon

**Dennis:** Jay Gordon, Levitt.

**Erik:** Joseph

**Dennis:** Joseph.

**Erik:** Yeah.

**Dennis:** He is a outstanding.

Yeah, I must've seen an ad for this movie because I, or for the show, because,I recallthat it is him playing the role. He's amazing. I left him in literally everything. Yeah, I don't

**Erik:** Yeah. And Uber, like

as I, as I demonstrated, I already know a little bit about the story, but it would be interesting to

**Dennis:** you've demonstrated it illustrious fashion. It was enjoyable on point and it was quite a learning experience for me.

**Erik:** well, that's why we're here, Dennis,

**Dennis:** There's more to that. There's more to that than you then, young grasshopper.

indeed. One of the things I wanted to mention is, when we went down to this little town to visit my

**Dennis:** What's the name of the town?

our UFA,

**Dennis:** Hi.

**Erik:** a L O Z a I in

**Dennis:** Elsa

**Erik:** And, uh,

**Dennis:** four and a half hours. So that's a little trip

**Erik:** yeah, it was, but,

**Dennis:** gone up there yet.

oh yeah. I don't know exactly by how much, but, I can just tell you from what I've seen on the news. Cause I don't regularly fill up a gas tank, but,you

**Erik:** speaking of fossil fuels, what are the. Things to go do from this place was to go visit a coal mine.

**Dennis:** going down who know the step down over.

**Erik:** Exactly. it was a, at least 150 or 200 year old coal mine. and it had been turned into a museum. And we got to go in the, in the little train, down steep down, and when we're going down, they, turned off all the lights. So all we had were all we had were the lights on our helmets.

**Dennis:** Cause we got to wear a helmet and they call it,have a monitor. They all shut them up.

we all had them on, but they turned off the lights that

**Dennis:** I know, but as the, as a crowd, did most of the people keep their headlight on or did they

**Erik:** are the guide told us to turn them on,

**Dennis:** Oh,

**Erik:** they weren't very bright though. There wasn't eliminating much

**Dennis:** there were a glow rather than a, a flashlight type,

a beam me up. Scotty. There's no intelligent life.

**Erik:** but it was cool. we went down 300 feet below.

**Dennis:** Wow.

**Erik:** yeah, and we, and we had, whenever you have, when you have a museum tour or something, the quality of the guide means everything.

**Dennis:** The docent.

**Erik:** Like we, I, we, we did a cave tour with my folks a couple of years ago and the guide was this, this college student that was doing the thing for the summer and couldn't really give a shit. Any of the rocks or anything that she was showing us, but this was a guy that has clearly been doing this to her for a long time and really cares about this. and it was super fascinating. We had. took us back in time from the more modern tools of how They would, how they would mind the coal to, to back when, the people didn't have any protective gear really.

And, they didn't have helmets. Like it, it didn't occur to anyone to make hard helmets for the coal miners for a long time. and what they had was. the head, aa little Bray, but then someone had the idea of putting a little, like a four-inch wire sticking up from the forehead. So if you were walking and you felt the wire move, you knew that the ceiling was getting lower and you needed to duck to not bump your head, like an antenna.

**Dennis:** hat.

and they didn't have canaries, but they had a rat. Lots and lots of rats down there. and that meant that you had to, because you came down for your 10 hour shift, you had to hang your food from the ceiling on a little bag. So the restaurant can get it. But, the rats weren't all bad because. if you were down there working, and again, you were down there with dislike little lanterns that could barely eliminate anything and the walls are black and you can't see a goddamn thing. but if the rats ever started running in one direction, you needed to gather all your shit and head in the direction that the rats were running, because they could sense that a bit was about to collapse or whatever. And that,So you went where the rats ran.

**Erik:** I went down.

**Dennis:** of you growing up,

**Erik:** went down where the rats ran

the story of you

**Erik:** black coal mine.

**Dennis:** running around and downtown Morton.

**Erik:** Yep. So it was a, that was super fascinating to learn all about that. And to, just to be thankful for the jobs that we have. that aren't that horrible and dangerous. And

**Dennis:** Oh Yeah,

**Erik:** like they would, they would like by hand the expert that, that knew what he was doing would, would S direct.

the workers, I want some explicitives here and here. And then people would, a guy would come with a big iron, steak and another guy would hammer it and they would dig into the thing. And then they would put the explosives in that hole. And then it would cover up the hole because you don't want all the explosive power just coming right back out.

**Erik:** You want us to go into the mountain and then they would. They'd gather all their shit and, like the fuses and,

**Dennis:** Run hell

**Erik:** run like hell. And then there would be a, they would do that at the, at shift change so they could let the dust

**Dennis:** oh, then they ran.

They could let's let the dust settle for an hour before the next shift came in to scoop up all the coal, but just a. wild, vision into the past And into L lifestyle that a

all I can say is I want your life. I want to be able to travel to these cool places and have all this fun every weekend. You say, what did you do this weekend? I saw. went to, I got gas,

**Erik:** watch, some movies.

**Dennis:** four movies, none of which you've got time to see, because you're off going to in bat caves and museums and cave walls, and mountain tops and crossing rivers and outings and restaurants and little villages.

Seaside

**Erik:** hold on. I've got more,

**Dennis:** more

**Erik:** I was on, that was on the Saturday. and then we, after that, we came back and, had a nice barbecue, had a couple other cousins came by from a local town, pork ribs and, bacon and a sausages.

**Dennis:** Come on now you're pissing me off.

so then,Hey, next time you do that, wrap some up and ship it overnight to me.

**Erik:** all right, I'll ship you some, a big burnt kielbasa.so on, on the Sunday, we chose wisely to visit a place that was, on our way back home. it was like a 45 minute drive, but it was taking 45 minutes off of our four and a half hour drive home. and we stopped at this place. I for sure had never heard of, called Belchite. And it is literally in the middle of nothing.

There's,the land there. I don't know if you can call it a desert, but it, the land there is. So, shit that there aren't any trees, there's just little tiny shrubs, like off into the horizon and all in all directions, there's just fucking nothing there. And there's this town there called cheat thing and it was the, It was the site of one of the worst battles in the Spanish civil war, that took place in 1937.

So 85 years ago, the Spain was fighting itself. Franco was trying to take over and eventually succeeded. but in this town, the Franco forces, totally just shelled the shit out of this little town totally destroyed, this town that was there. And, and then when they were done, they said, we're going to leave this, we're going to leave this totally destroyed town here.

Nobody touched this. We need to remember that this is what war is like, which is a great power move. If you're the, if you're the guy that just destroyed this town and it's let's let people remember what happens if you go against me. But, 85 years later, it's extra poignant, to see. What it, what war can do to it hound And just the holes and the buildings.

**Dennis:** And,And is it a.

it's totally abandoned, but like it's been actively preserved as a memory of, to try and remind us not to do this again.

**Dennis:** How long were you?

only about. In the ruins area, only about an hour because we didn't, didn't call ahead and get a guided tour. It got a tour would have been amazing, but, it was extra poignant because we were there at the same time that,Russia is doing this to Ukrainian towns and.

I'll tell you what you

**Erik:** In the present day where we're still destroying beautiful architecture and stuff in the name of, for,

**Dennis:** have homework for you. I want you to watch the latest episode of The Circus. Where they interview,Brezhnev's or not? yeah, brush enough son. Who's now an ambassador in Sweden who is amazing, Khrushchev's, granddaughter who works for the UN, and, good Lord. w was the principal, interviewed.

Don't blank. Oh,oh, what's the saying the former ambassador with the walrus mustache,

Tom, Bolton interviewed

**Erik:** Yes.

**Dennis:** and, one of the, and it is the most chilling thing because when it's done, you remember what Khrushcheva. The woman said, which is make no mistake about it. You're watching Putin start world war three, make no mistake about it.

**Erik:** Yeah, it's pretty, pretty fricking scary.

**Dennis:** So what does Spain done?

are Spain. NATO.

**Erik:** I believe so. I don't know what, I don't know what Spain has done. All I see is Spanish reporters talking about it. But,I heard an interview with, Gary Kasparov the, chess

**Dennis:** Oh yeah.

but he's also because he was a. a chess prodigy. he grew up basically with KGB handlers around him all the time.

**Erik:** And, he got to know a lot of The inner workings of the Russian government.

**Dennis:** The Kremlin.

**Erik:** Kremlinology they call that actually.

**Dennis:** fucking scary, man.

**Erik:** And, and he. Like someone on the inside has to stop this to stop Putin before,

**Dennis:** That's what Lindsey Graham called for his assassination.

**Erik:** he gets,

**Dennis:** has a scene that people run away from him.

the, like with any assassination, idea, it's if, is it a. What's the, the metaphor. Is it a Hydra where you cut off one head

**Dennis:** Yeah,

**Erik:** another one is there, or is it the sort of thing that, whoever would take his place would pull everything back and re regroup and, or is everyone that around him, so confident in. What their mission is, whatever that is. I don't know,

it's. Yeah, I don't know. And so Biden's now calling, the, in the,bumping, prices for everything the, the

**Dennis:** Putin,price increase and, it's driving the Republicans crazy because they say it's bullshit. You, gas prices were rising. Inflation was crazy. And now you're hiding your, your bullying and all that on Boone.

And I want to say to them,

**Erik:** as any politician would do.

**Dennis:** because, number one, the real reason it is because of COVID. And if you're saying. Fucking stupid that you think that we're going to believe you when you say it's because of Biden. It's a worldwide phenomenon because 6 million fucking people have died. You fucking moron it.

You blame it on a man. Fuck you.

**Erik:** but look, but that's. that's like American politics. 1 0 1

**Dennis:** Yeah, of course.

**Erik:** if the economy is bad, if the president is followed, if the coal, if the coal, if the gas prices are high, it's the president's fault. As if the president is just has a series of knobs and levers and stuff that is controlling all of this.

Like the fucking wizard of Oz behind the curtain, some such shit, some such. Well, gas is up to 4 29 here. It's up to 6 29 in California, and all this, this is the highest, the worst ever. That's not true when you consider the gas prices in the last major recession. So many years ago, 1980s, when gas hit $4 and that would be $8 now.

**Dennis:** And you, sir, it's alarming, but let's not say it's the worst ever. And the people who say it's the worst ever fucking know better.

and a lot of the,those gas price there's gas shortages are what like made the automobile industry decide we didn't need. Those huge fucking boat Cadillac. things like we can be more efficient when gas is free, who cares about efficiency? Right,

**Dennis:** Yeah, well, it's mind boggling the whole damn thing. It's and it's going to get so much worse because the. The stuff that's got to happen is about weapons. And as you know, the dude who testified against Trump, the Colonel, Vindman he, I think I told you the last time we talked about Vindman, that he was a guest on a, he was a cameo on a curb, your enthusiasm,

**Erik:** Yeah, you might've

which was, he was a speaker at the Holocaust music.

**Dennis:** And, Larry David, had stepped in dog shit and threw his shoes away, walked in barefoot. And people started a couple of his friends told me he was so stupid. He couldn't walk around in his socks. So there was a display of Holocaust shoes and so on. So when nobody was looking, he grabbed a pair

**Erik:** yeah.

**Dennis:** and they turned out to be the shoes that, the woman he was dating.

Her dead grandmother who was killed in a concentration camp. There were her shoes, her, his grandfather's shoes. Oh my God. Anyway, then men then mid Vindman, he's been doing a lot of analysis for the news stations. And what he said was looked a no fly zone. Would certainly start world war three.

Ukraine needs to do a no fly zone themselves and they need land missiles. Uh, launchers to be able to do it. They don't need necessarily planes. Another analyst said, yeah, they need drones that can shoot these things down. They need 20 of them that should about do it. And they should be, we'll give them to Poland and let Poland give them to them or whatever, or let the NATO

**Erik:** Yeah. I've heard about that. That strategy. It's

**Dennis:** And it's so smart. And you just, when you hear Vindman, you know, wow. Not a politician, absolute expert, absolute courageous American, absolutely looking out for me and you, without a doubt, the guy to listen to the guy to listen to I'm I'm I'm Joe Biden, Nisei, then men, thanks to the advice I'm going to.

And, you know what he says, we should have done more and we should've done it sooner. This is not a mystery that they need, these weapons,

it was sanctioned this sanction that, of course that would be useless. Of course it would be

**Erik:** right. Because what is Putin to care about? if they shut down all the McDonald's in Russia,

**Dennis:** which they finally did. they

**Erik:** these he's never,

**Dennis:** were pressured.

**Erik:** but it's such a, a. Strategically. It's a very wild situation because we,we can't. Yeah. So quite

**Dennis:** pun intended.

we, can't just like on the one hand, you, we watched the invasion and we feel like,we need to do something.

**Erik:** You can't just let the, You can't just watch a bully, beat up a kid. But, on the other hand,if the bully, has, machine guns, I don't know, that's my analogy weird, but, I do like the strategy of seizing all of the wealth of the, of his

**Dennis:** the oligarchs.

**Erik:** That's very much a,like one kid is bad in, in, in preschool.

And so the whole class has punished.

have you ever heard anyone say that Putin is without a doubt, the richest man in the world,

**Erik:** I might've heard someone say that. Yes.

**Dennis:** something to think about

Jeff Bezos has got some.

**Erik:** True. And, Elon Musk was providing internet connectivity. Did you see that

**Dennis:** Oh, yeah. and basically said, you w what did he say? He wasn't shutting down shit. He said,

**Erik:** right?

**Dennis:** me, drag me across class. I won't, that kind of. So the you'll like the, you like the jobs, movie, because not surprisingly his heroes,Jeff Bezos as well, and also, The heroes of, of bayzos and how he made his Uber millions,

**Erik:** paid basis is

**Dennis:** God, there's so much money.

**Erik:** Yeah. we've talked about how would that infographic about how,

**Dennis:** All right.

**Erik:** could,

**Dennis:** How many zeroes there?

provide, vaccines for the entire world? And it would be like about as much as he made yesterday.

**Dennis:** Yeah.

just how wild that is. Yeah. Yeah. we'll S we'll see, I think, Yeah.

it's such a complicated situation because we can't just fly in there and destroy all the trees.

**Erik:** All the Russian troops that are in Ukraine because. would not go over Well,

with the guy that is,

I don't know, psychopathic. Anyway, I'm going to be going back to Russia

**Dennis:** failing of the what's your feeling on the,the two bumps. That, Biden recently got one from his state of the union, which historically gives two to five point bump on popularity, which did with Biden and then the bump, however, different over the years for being now a war president.

have you read anything about that? it's interesting. It's yeah, world war three is pending, but there's some good news here. There's some good news here.

**Erik:** That's very much like that movie I told you about recently where like the asteroid is coming to destroy the earth and they, and the scientists go and they tell the president and the president is like, let's wait

**Dennis:** Right. What was that?

look

**Dennis:** Look up, don't look up.

Yeah. Don't look up. And the president was like, let's not tell everyone we're going to die until after the midterms. Like what the fuck? Yeah, it does. don't know. Oh Lord.

we're here for next week or not. I have no plans for this weekend. So like maybe I can watch we had a beautiful. Day-to-day still a little cool, but the sun shine in all the snow is about melting.

**Erik:** Yeah. That's what you.

just, I'm gone. Like I said, man, I'm going fishing. Pier, Marquette river. The steelhead are running. I hope to give you When does that on the weekend,

**Dennis:** now. I think I may go on a Friday, so because.

The fishing pressure will be less fish. A lot of fishermen will be out on Saturday and Sunday.

**Erik:** right?

**Dennis:** might have a few extra who think I'm like, I am Thursday would be better, but I don't know. I like your, you got a solid plan there.

it won't match your, it won't match your. It won't match your trip where you just absolutely went into the, went into the freaking.

**Erik:** center of the

**Dennis:** working in a coal mine going down, down. Yeah. Work at it or call home. I don't know, the step down or work at it or a coal man went down, down, down, or work at it or , uh, the step down it's five o'clock in the morning and I'm already up and gone.

Oh, Lord, I'm so tired. How long can this go up or going down, down work at it or coal or my

**Erik:** Oh,

**Dennis:** go in down, down, work at it or coal my step down.

**Erik:** Again, again,
