---
title: Ep. 184 – I'll sing for my dinner
episode: 184
date: 2023-06-02
mp3URL: media/184.mp3
art: media/184.jpg
description: The hosts discuss Erik's trip to Miami and the Canary Islands, Cuban fajitas, a bottle of tequila, Dennis rented an entire hotel in Minneapolis, HBO re-branding to Max, and the grand finale of Succession.
youtube: jXESOADPLu8
---

## Links

- [Succession](https://www.hbo.com/succession) (HBO)

## Summary

- **[00:00:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=0)** Erik talks about his recent trip to Miami, where he stayed in a modern and swanky hotel controlled by an iPad Mini. He met with a French woman who became a good friend and went out to see some places, including Little Havana, which they reached by Uber. During their ride, the Uber driver shared a story about how he had a billionaire as a client who lived in New York City and had a Swanky house in Miami.
- **[00:05:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=300)** Erik tells a story about a man who tips his driver with ten one-thousand-dollar bills every two weeks, claiming to be an executive from Apple. The conversation then shifts to food experiences, including trying Cuban fajitas made with compressed banana cakes instead of tortillas and consuming the delicious truffle fries with some cheesiness to it. The speaker also shares a story about a tequila recommendation given by a waiter after the organizers requested to have some alcohol during a conference dinner.
- **[00:10:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=600)** Erik talks about their experience at a conference in Miami where they were able to order a $425 bottle of tequila that was the best they have ever tasted. They went through two rounds of the tequila with a group of around a dozen to 15 people before taking the rest of the bottle to their hotel. Dennis also recalls going to South Beach with a group of people for drinks and dinner, where they smoked cigars and engaged in business-related discussions with a woman. The speaker mentions renting 300 out of 350 rooms in a hotel in Minneapolis and getting bumped from their master suite before being upgraded to a five-star hotel with a limo driver and an open bar bill.
- **[00:15:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=900)** Dennis talks about his experience in Miami after a conference. He mentions how he was given an open bar bill by the hotel and witnessed a man pass out after drinking too much expensive wine. Erik also went on a boat tour that took him around celebrity homes, including those of Antonio Banderas, Jackie Chan, Floyd Mayweather, JLo, and the inventor of Viagra. He also talks about an island called Fisher Island, which is the most expensive zip code in the US and is where Tom Cruise, Julia Roberts, and Oprah own property.
- **[00:20:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=1200)** Erik talks about his experiences in the Canary Islands after attending two conferences. He enjoyed his time there, hanging out with old and new acquaintances, and trying out the local food. One of the highlights was going to a little restaurant in the middle of nowhere, where they had the best pork loin and other appetizers. The guests were initially concerned about the price because there was no menu or prices listed, but to their surprise, the total amount was only 70 dollars.
- **[00:25:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=1500)** Dennis talks about a warehouse on the wharf where he had the best seafood and cab drivers took him there without knowing its name. They then discuss the HBO app, which is being replaced by a new app called Max, and talk about the penultimate episode of the TV show "Succession," which he thought was the best episode ever. The speaker also mentions the official podcast of the show, where James Cromwell talks about his experience delivering a speech in a real church during the episode.
- **[00:30:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=1800)** The hosts discuss the character development of Roman Roy in the TV show "Succession". It is revealed that Roman is emotionally damaged and in love with his mother figure Geri. During his father's funeral, Kendall gives an amazing speech and shows his potential as the heir apparent. However, in the final episode, it is clear that he is a cog that only fits in one machine, and he may not have anything to live for if he doesn't get what he wants. The speaker also mentions that the final scene of the show involving Tom stuck with them the most.
- **[00:35:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=2100)** The speakers discuss the last scene of Roman in the series and how he is suited to be nothing but filthy rich. They mention that he doesn't enjoy working, he just wants chaos, and he is an anarchist who doesn't care about anything. They also talk about how the new series is right there and it's about Tom, Shiv, and Greg. Additionally, they bring up the fight between Tom and Greg, which they find amusing and funny.
- **[00:40:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=2400)** The hosts discusses various plot points and character developments in the show Succession. They mention how the scene where Tom takes the blame for covering up a murder was a major turning point in the show, as it took away the children's only restraint on their father's power. The speaker also praises the actor who played Tom and notes how the scene where he agrees to "sing for his dinner" was a standout moment. Finally, they mention that the climactic scene where Kendall takes the blame for the company's wrongdoings was unscripted and came as a surprise to the crew.
- **[00:45:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jXESOADPLu8&t=2700)** The hosts discuss the final scene of "Succession" and how the actors felt about it. According to Jeremy Strong, who played Kendall, the moment was a genuinely joyful moment for the cast since they had been working together and being serious with each other for so long. Shiv and Kendall's love-hate relationship is also analyzed, with Shiv telling Kendall that she loves him, but finds him repulsive. The hosts then end the episode on a playful note.
