---
title: Ep. 187 – The Smell of Reason in the Morning
episode: 187
date: 2023-06-23
mp3URL: media/187.mp3
art: media/187.jpg
description: The hosts discuss Dennis's wife had knee surgery, Erik has seen Black Mirror S06, how Netflix tracks you, the Attention Economy, the sunk submarine to the Titanic, the Balloon Boy hoax, Hunter Biden pleads guilty, Dennis mowed his lawn, war movies are interesting, the high school teachers aren't showing up anymore, Erik had some loquats, the summer solstice, Ted Lasso ended.
youtube: 8-Rr8RBeaVk
---

## Links

- [Black Mirror](https://www.netflix.com/blackmirror) (Netflix)
- [‘Black Mirror’ Creators Quit Endemol Shine-Owned Label While Navigating IP Headaches With Netflix](https://variety.com/2020/tv/news/black-mirror-charlie-brooker-annabel-jones-netflix-endemol-shine-group-1203478778/) (Variety)
- [Missing Titanic submersible: Why oxygen timeline on sub may not be so fixed](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-65981277) (BBC)
- [Balloon Boy Hoax](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balloon_boy_hoax) (Wikipedia)
- [Friendly Fire Podcast](https://maximumfun.org/podcasts/friendly-fire/) (MaximumFun)
- [Apocalypse Now](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078788/) (IMDB)
- [Loquat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loquat) (Wikipedia)

## Summary

- **[00:00:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=0)** Dennis discusses his wife's recent surgery to reattach a broken meniscus with a stitch. The surgery only took 40 minutes and required six weeks of no pressure on the leg. Dennis shares a personal anecdote about his experience with crutches, and they discuss the importance of keeping the crutches close to one's feet to avoid injury while using them. They also briefly discuss electric lift chairs that can recline and raise a person to a standing position.
- **[00:05:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=300)** The hosts discuss the TV show Black Mirror, which is a collection of short stories with each episode being its own unique world. The show explores near-future sci-fi concepts that are mostly based on what is scientifically possible today with an extra twist. The original metaphor of Black Mirror is related to how people staring at their phones all the time can lead to evil. The hosts discuss some of the interesting concepts that were explored in the show, such as drone insect bees that can fly around and spy on people, and they also touch on a highly-regarded episode called "The Entire History of You", which explores the idea of being able to constantly re-watch your own memories.
- **[00:10:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=600)** Erik discusses a hypothetical technology that would allow individuals to replay any moment their eyes have seen in their life and even project it onto a television. While the idea at first seems like a superpower, it quickly devolves into a tool for destroying relationships as individuals can use it to throw past conversations and events in each other's faces. The speaker relates this to an episode of the TV show Black Mirror, which explores ways that seemingly innocent technology can go astray. The speaker goes on to describe the first episode of the new season of Black Mirror, which pokes fun at the idea of Netflix owning the show and features a plot in which a character's whole day is played out by celebrities on a television show.
- **[00:15:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=900)** The discussion turns to the possibility of AI-generated television based on our personal preferences. The examples of Netflix's ability to suggest shows and generate different images based on our previous viewing habits are given as an example of how this could come to fruition. It's noted that we're already in an attention economy where getting people to pay attention to you is the most important thing, and this technology could be the ultimate winner in that regard. The conversation briefly turns to Taylor Swift falling off the stage but quickly goes back to discussing the possibilities of AI-generated television.
- **[00:20:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=1200)** The hosts discuss how the news that people are drawn to tends to revolve around tragedy rather than positive stories, referencing the recent news of a lost submarine searching for the Titanic and past events such as the case of "balloon boy." They criticize the media's tendency to focus on the worst possible scenarios and explore the reasons why people are so fascinated by these stories.
- **[00:25:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=1500)** Erik and Dennis discuss a hoax that occurred in 2009, involving a gas balloon that resembled a silver flying saucer, that was claimed to have a six-year-old boy trapped inside. The balloon ended up flying for 90 minutes and 50 miles without the boy inside. It was later discovered that the boy was hiding in the attic of his home. The conversation then veers into other big news stories, including the recent controversy over Hunter Biden's alleged crimes and the differing perspectives of the left and right-leaning media.
- **[00:30:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=1800)** The topic of Hunter Biden and the investigation surrounding his alleged tax evasion and gun activity is discussed. Joe Biden's involvement is also mentioned, as it has been reported that he speaks to his son every day to offer encouragement. The investigation is heavily debated, with the Republicans performing the investigation insisting that it will not be affected by recent information surrounding Hunter Biden. The video also touches on the ongoing election, with the two candidates mentioned being 76 and 81 years old, respectively. Joe Biden is referred to as being relatively fit, while Trump is mocked for his physical appearance. Finally, the video briefly touches on the hot weather and a successful surgery.
- **[00:35:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=2100)** Erik discusses a podcast where every week, three men (one being a history buff and the other two film-makers) watched a new war movie and then discussed it. The men had a list of 100 films to choose from and would roll a die to determine which one they'd watch next. The speaker had watched some of the movies but mostly just listened to the podcast, finding it entertaining to hear different perspectives on the films. They also discuss Apocalypse Now and how it was a defining film in Robert Duvall's career.
- **[00:40:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=2400)** The speakers discuss war movies and the varying perspectives they offer, citing a podcast that examines Japanese movies from the Japanese point of view during World War II. They also briefly touch on the teachers at one of their daughter's high school who seem to have checked out early, leaving the students to fend for themselves for the last few weeks of school. The speakers express frustration with this lack of work ethic and responsibility for the young people's education.
- **[00:45:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=2700)** The hosts discuss the lack of attention given to the issues within the educational system and how it affects children. They mention that some children are allowed to roam around in other towns unsupervised, and teachers do not have the time or resources to address these problems. The speakers also point out that many of these issues are due to self-perpetuating systems that prioritize a one-dimensional approach over a human-centered one. They also briefly mention their plans to attend a Blues Festival but discuss the challenges of accommodating their in-law's disabilities.
- **[00:50:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=3000)** The hosts discuss a fruit called loquat, which is a Plum-sized yellow fruit with large nut-like pits inside. They describe how it is different from other fruits like peaches and plums because you can easily swallow the whole thing and spit out the pit. The fruit is sweet and is the soft sweet protection over the seed. The hosts discuss its origin, with its name deriving from the Cantonese Lo and guat meaning black orange. They also touch on the summer solstice, which just happened, and how it's the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere.
- **[00:55:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=3300)** Erik and Dennis discuss the summer solstice and the difference in traditions between Northern and Southern Europeans. They joke about the history of the winter solstice and the rewriting of history to make it seem like Jesus' birthday. The topic then shifts to TV shows, with a discussion of Damien Lewis returning to "Billions" and the upcoming spy movie he is in. They briefly discuss "White Lotus" but both found the first episode to be slapstick and not enjoyable.
- **[01:00:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=3600)** Erik brings up the TV show Ted Lasso, which they describe as an emotional salve during the pandemic. They explain that the show's message of kindness and compassion resonated with audiences and that it provided a much-needed break from the negativity of the past year. Although the show has now come to an end, the speakers believe that it will hold up over time as a testament to its pure and sincere message. They compare it favorably to other shows like Cheers that relied heavily on sexual innuendo and suggest that Ted Lasso's positivity will continue to make it a beloved cultural touchstone for years to come.
- **[01:05:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=3900)** The hosts discuss the productivity strategy of taking breaks during work, which one of them has been doing for as long as they can remember. They mention how it helps them accomplish their to-do list even though it extends their hours of work per day. The conversation then turns to the idea of going back to full-time work and how that would require working long hours with breaks to be productive. They end the segment by discussing their plans for the evening, which include listening to blues music at a nearby venue.
- **[01:10:00](https://youtube.com/watch?v=8-Rr8RBeaVk&t=4200)** The episode wraps up with the announcement of the end of episode 187 and a note about a submarine that was found destroyed. The speaker advises taking precautions when doing dangerous things like exploring submerged wrecks. The audience is directed to the show notes and to visit [patreon.com/happyhour](https://patreon.com/happyhour) to become a member and gain access to exclusive content.

